Hollow Knight
Forge your own path in Hollow Knight! An epic action adventure through a vast ruined kingdom of insects and heroes. Explore twisting caverns, battle tainted creatures and befriend bizarre bugs, all in a classic, hand-drawn 2D style.
hollowknight.jpg
Metroidvania
14.99 14.99 14.99
true true true

Celeste
Help Madeline survive her inner demons on her journey to the top of Celeste Mountain, in this super-tight platformer from the creators of TowerFall. Brave hundreds of hand-crafted challenges, uncover devious secrets, and piece together the mystery of the mountain.
celeste.jpg
Puzzle Platformer
19.99 -1 19.99
true false true

Dark Souls
Then, there was fire. Re-experience the critically acclaimed, genre-defining game that started it all. Beautifully remastered, return to Lordran in stunning high-definition detail running at 60fps.
darksoul.jpg
Action Adventure
39.99 39.99 39.99
true true true

Mario Wonder
Find wonder in the Flower Kingdom in the next side-scrolling Super Mario adventure
mario.jpg
Platformer
-1 -1 59.99
false false true

Kirby
Float off on an all-new adventure as the powerful puffball, Kirby. Explore in 3D stages as you discover a mysterious world with abandoned structures from a past civilization—like a shopping mall?! Copy enemies’ abilities like the new Drill and Ranger and use them to attack, explore your surroundings, and save the kidnapped Waddle Dees from the ferocious Beast Pack alongside the mysterious Elfilin. Hope you’re hungry for an unforgettable adventure!
kirbyforgor.jpg
Platformer
-1 -1 59.99
false false true

SpiderMan
In Marvel’s Spider-Man Remastered, the worlds of Peter Parker and Spider-Man collide in an original action-packed story. Play as an experienced Peter Parker, fighting big crime and iconic villains in Marvel’s New York.
spiderman.jpg
Action Adventure
59.99 -1 -1
true false false

Dark Souls 2
Developed by FROM SOFTWARE, DARK SOULS™ II is the highly anticipated sequel to the gruelling 2011 breakout hit Dark Souls. The unique old-school action RPG experience captivated imaginations of gamers worldwide with incredible challenge and intense emotional reward.
darksoul2.jpg
Action Adventure
24.99 24.99 -1
true true false